Authorization :
Sign Up - if ppl is registering for the first time , they have to sign up. We will give them different options like connecting through ggl , fb or 
simple make new id password.
Login - If ppl is already registered then they have to login next time they visit. All options as sign up are avilable here too. As eg. If they choose ggl , a gmail link will be sent 
to their account.
Log-Out - If they want to log out they can log out from their account.
View-Only Mode - If ppl want to only view the products they can skip the login part and surf the website as usual but they wont be able to do any other operation then viewing.
This will help to increase the traffic of the website because many ppl hesitate to signup/login.

Type of users : Customers , sellers and delivery ppl have their different kind of ui. So on authurization page we will ask abt how they want to login. 
Here other than customer we will provide unique id and passwords to sellers and delivery ppl.

Home Page : There will be a home page which will be showing different things ,
Search Bar : On top of the website there will be a search bar which we can use to search different kind of products or shops.
Advertizment carousal : There will be some advertizement floating in carousal , which will show latest and best selling products of ours.
Categories : A horizontal menu of different type of categories will be there to choose specific product. As eg. Electronics , Fashion ,Books etc.
On scrooling down the page there will be some products with some details is shown.

Profile Page : Customer's personal info is shown here. They can chnage any time they want.

Product Page : There will be a specific , detailed product page which will show all necessary details like size , price , color options etc.

Like/Favourite button : There will be a small like/favourite button , on clciking that it will be added into customer's favourite list which he/she can access any time.
This list is different for different users.

Sort / Filtering : Customers can sort and filter on different parameters.

Add to Cart : If customer wants to buy a product , he/she can choose add to cart and then it will ask quantity and confirmation abt this product. If selected yes , that product 
will be added to customer's cart. And after added , person can continue shopping for other things.

Buy Now : If a person wants to buy that products immediately then there will be a buy now option. It again ask the same conformation and redirect them to the check out page.

Check out page : After all products added to cart , customer can check out . Here they can see all products they bought and final price including all taxes.

Apply coupon code : Customer can apply different types of coupon code for discount.

Payment options : Different types of payment options will be avilable , as eg. COD , Credit / Debit cards , Net-Banking etc.

Address options : A customer can choose different address for delivery . (Every time thry can change the address if they want to.)

Order Conformation : After passes through payment and address details , there will be a order conformation screen which will show that their order is confirmed. A conformation message 
will also be sent to customer's Mobile number. 

Review/Rating : Customer can give rating/Review to products. It will be shown on product page.

Customer Care : A Customer care number and gmail will be there to solve any kind of queries and problems customer is facing.

Previous orders : Customer can always view their previuos orders.






  